10/10s:
cavalcade:
nobody has ever doubted black midi's ability to revolutionize
the modern rock scene. With Cavalcade, it's now become
undeniable. The band take cues from avant-prog, jazz, Korean
folk, and a massive collection of other sounds to make
their music more difficult to define than ever. As fast
as their songs come and go, every twist and turn they
take is impossible to take your eyes off of, marveling
at how a band this young could make sounds this developed
and mature.

g_d's pee:
Say what you will about Godspeed You! Black Emperor, they
are a legendary figure in the world of post-rock regardless.
G_D'S PEE AT STATES END! is the band's most hauntingly
pertinent release in years, lambasting the current situation
of unimagineable inequality and vitriol while holding
onto the hope for a better world to come out the other end.
It may not be as devastatingly painful as Skinny Fists or
as ghostly as F#A#, but it's a well-worthy addition to the
catalogue of a band who've already done enough to prove
their worth.

amperland, ny:
Pinegrove have had their hold on the alternative country
scene for years now, but Amperland, NY is their most
compelling statement in years. A full hour of them rerecording
past songs, it's a trip through every era and hardship they
have gone through together.

nurture:
No other artist out there has gone through as much of an
artistic revelation as Porter Robinson has. In the seven
years since his debut, he's polished his skills and
rebirthed himselves as one of the modern electropop
pioneers. On Nurture, he dives in an out of stadium
sized electronica (Look at the Sky) into complex ambient
artistry (Wind Tempos) back into bombastic stadium EDM
without a hiccup to be heard. Listening to Nurture is
the equivalent of watching a friend's life change in
real time, their emotions changing and morphing just as
yours do. It's a year-defining record that approaches
the future with excitement and hope, and an album
that will be a defining work of the modern pandemic age.
